like some coffee or food you know no
look I told him the Tanner was in the
land we already spent more than one year
to get better Marcus situation and licen
well we talked a little bit about it in
Paris but we need to come to an
understanding on volume we have public
shareholders you might want you know a
little bit if kyowa hakko me Juan and
jail corporation each get 2,000 tons we
can divide up the rest if we're going to
have any stability at all we do we need
to some specific well what would you be
willing to accept isn't that really
interesting a diem has already we have a
lot more capacity that we're not using
here we could be growing 20,000 tonnes
isn't that right one I'm gonna wait shut
this down we hold on